try flexpro detail is used to waterproof
all flashings and details commonly found
on flat roofs and balconies for a clean
sealed to a ventilation duct always
ensure it is masked off to a height of
15 centimeters in accordance with the
regulations for flat roofing issued by
the German Roofing Association starting
at least 10 centimeters from the opening
mask offer surrounding square with tape
clean any PVC mouldings with true flex
cleaner and then rough on the ducts
using sandpaper to ensure optimum
adhesion carefully brush off any loose
particles
next apply the prepared fleece first cut
off a free section to wrap around the
pipe circumference allowing an overlap
of five centimeters
at the base of the duct allow an
additional five centimeters of fleece to
form a collar cut the color in
approximately two centimeter strips five
centimeter deep approximately two free
sections of about the same size are
required for the roof area cut a
semicircular area to fit around the
ventilation duct both surface free
sections must overlap by a minimum five
centimeters apply the trifle expert
detail rays in thickly using a roller to
the ventilation duct and around the
penetration at least two kilograms of
resin are required per square meter
now apply the free section cut to fit
the duck to the risen making sure there
are no air bubbles next roll on a
covering layer of approximately 1
kilogram risen per square metre the
waterproofing is applied wet-on-wet at
the overlap ensure that the fleece edges
are thoroughly saturated in resin
for the surface you also need to apply a
thick layer of resin smooth on the
special fleece without creating any
trapped air bubbles and seal completely
with a second layer of waterproofing you
must ensure that the edges of fleece are
overlapped and thoroughly soaked in
risen
remove the masking tape while the
waterproofing is still wet the result is
the cleanly finished detail waterproof
to leave no seams or joints it takes
just 30 minutes for the waterproofing to
cure and become fully rain proof the
short curing time of tri for expert
detail allows wit completion and offers
work in security even in unpredictable
weather conditions if desired the
finished waterproofing can be sanded to
achieve a different visual effect apply
another layer of resin and scatter grit
while still wet
you